####################################
# GAUDI Customizable Localizations #
####################################

#by Lord R

######################

###Engineer loc for Journal Entry###

#, Dr. [LastName],
gaudi_dr_engineer_type = {
	type = country
	
	text = {
		trigger = {
			has_variable = gaudi_engineer_var
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_dr_engineer_loc
	}
}

###Civil Engineering Progress###
#Base Progress
gaudi_base_engineering_progress_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_base_engineering_progress_tt_loc
	}
}

#Has a Civil Engineer
gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_has_civil_engineer_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_civil_engineer_trigger = yes
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_has_civil_engineer_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_has_civil_engineer_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Experience
gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_experience_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_civil_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var.var:gaudi_civil_engineer_experience > 0
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_experience_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_experience_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Civil Engineer Trait
gaudi_civil_engineering_civil_engineer_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_civil_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = gaudi_civil_engineer
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_civil_engineer_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_civil_engineer_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Civil Meticulous Trait
gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_meticulous_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_civil_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = meticulous
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_meticulous_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_meticulous_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Civil Persistent Trait
gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_persistent_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_civil_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = persistent
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_persistent_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_persistent_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Civil Innovative Trait
gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_innovative_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_civil_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = innovative
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_innovative_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_innovative_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Civil Surveyor Trait
gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_surveyor_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_civil_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = surveyor
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_surveyor_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_surveyor_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Civil Physicist Trait
gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_physicist_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_civil_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = curie_physicist
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_physicist_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_civil_engineering_progress_physicist_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

###Mechanical Engineering Progress###
#Has a Mechanical Engineer
gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_has_mechanical_engineer_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_mechanical_engineer_trigger = yes
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_has_mechanical_engineer_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_has_mechanical_engineer_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Experience
gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_experience_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_mechanical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var.var:gaudi_mechanical_engineer_experience > 0
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_experience_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_experience_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Mechanical Engineer Trait
gaudi_mechanical_engineering_mechanical_engineer_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_mechanical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = gaudi_mechanical_engineer
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_mechanical_engineer_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_mechanical_engineer_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Mechanical Meticulous Trait
gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_meticulous_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_mechanical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = meticulous
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_meticulous_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_meticulous_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Mechanical Persistent Trait
gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_persistent_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_mechanical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = persistent
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_persistent_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_persistent_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Mechanical Innovative Trait
gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_innovative_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_mechanical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = innovative
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_innovative_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_innovative_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Mechanical Physicist Trait
gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_physicist_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_mechanical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = curie_physicist
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_physicist_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_mechanical_engineering_progress_physicist_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

###Military Engineering Progress###
#Has a Military Engineer
gaudi_military_engineering_progress_has_military_engineer_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_military_engineer_trigger = yes
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_progress_has_military_engineer_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_progress_has_military_engineer_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Experience
gaudi_military_engineering_progress_experience_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_military_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var.var:gaudi_military_engineer_experience > 0
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_progress_experience_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_progress_experience_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Military Engineer Trait
gaudi_military_engineering_military_engineer_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_military_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = gaudi_military_engineer
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_military_engineer_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_military_engineer_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Military Meticulous Trait
gaudi_military_engineering_progress_meticulous_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_military_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = meticulous
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_progress_meticulous_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_progress_meticulous_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Military Persistent Trait
gaudi_military_engineering_progress_persistent_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_military_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = persistent
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_progress_persistent_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_progress_persistent_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Military Innovative Trait
gaudi_military_engineering_progress_innovative_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_military_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = innovative
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_progress_innovative_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_progress_innovative_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Military Physicist Trait
gaudi_military_engineering_progress_physicist_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_military_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = curie_physicist
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_progress_physicist_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_military_engineering_progress_physicist_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

###Aeronautical Engineering Progress###
#Has a Aeronautical Engineer
gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_has_aeronautical_engineer_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_aeronautical_engineer_trigger = yes
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_has_aeronautical_engineer_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_has_aeronautical_engineer_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Experience
gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_experience_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_aeronautical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var.var:gaudi_aeronautical_engineer_experience > 0
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_experience_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_experience_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Aeronautical Engineer Trait
gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_aeronautical_engineer_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_aeronautical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = gaudi_aeronautical_engineer
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_aeronautical_engineer_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_aeronautical_engineer_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Aeronautical Meticulous Trait
gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_meticulous_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_aeronautical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = meticulous
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_meticulous_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_meticulous_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Aeronautical Persistent Trait
gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_persistent_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_aeronautical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = persistent
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_persistent_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_persistent_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Aeronautical Innovative Trait
gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_innovative_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_aeronautical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = innovative
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_innovative_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_innovative_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Aeronautical Physicist Trait
gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_physicist_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_aeronautical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				has_trait = curie_physicist
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_physicist_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_physicist_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Aeronautical Balloonist Trait
gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_balloonist_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_aeronautical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				OR = {
					has_trait = curtiss_balloonist
					has_trait = curtiss_balloonist_experienced
					has_trait = curtiss_balloonist_famous
				}
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_balloonist_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_balloonist_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

#Aeronautical Pilot Trait
gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_pilot_trait_tt_type = {
	type = country
	random_valid = no #From top to bottom decides which localization is appropriate.

	text = {
		trigger = {
			gaudi_has_aeronautical_engineer_trigger = yes
			var:gaudi_engineer_var = {
				OR = {
					has_trait = curtiss_pilot
					has_trait = curtiss_pilot_ace
				}
			}
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_pilot_trait_tt_loc
	}

	text = {
		localization_key = gaudi_aeronautical_engineering_progress_pilot_trait_inactive_tt_loc
	}
}

###Engineer Achievements###
#First person to invent telegraph
gaudi_engineer_invented_electric_telegraph_type = {
	type = character
	
	text = {
		trigger = {
			has_variable = gaudi_engineer_invented_electric_telegraph_var
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_engineer_invented_electric_telegraph_loc
	}
}

#Finished Road Project
gaudi_road_project_finished_engineer_type = {
	type = character
	
	text = {
		trigger = {
			has_variable = gaudi_road_project_finished_engineer_var
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_road_project_finished_engineer_loc
	}
}

#Finished Canal Project
gaudi_canal_project_finished_engineer_type = {
	type = character
	
	text = {
		trigger = {
			has_variable = gaudi_canal_project_finished_engineer_var
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_canal_project_finished_engineer_loc
	}
}

#Finished Bridge Project
gaudi_bridge_project_finished_engineer_type = {
	type = character
	
	text = {
		trigger = {
			has_variable = gaudi_bridge_project_finished_engineer_var
		}
		localization_key = gaudi_bridge_project_finished_engineer_loc
	}
}


